removed duplicasted link + added related + email address /crm-opportunities (#5127)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/keep-crm-opportunities-updated/rule.md

<!--endintro-->

One way to reduce the work of keeping CRM up to date is to use [Followupthen](https://www.followupthen.com). "Follow Up Then" allows users to schedule an email to be sent back to their inbox in a day, 3 hours, 2 weeks, 2 months, etc. by adding an email address like `1day@followupthen.com` to the Bcc section of the email. 

This simple service allows users to be notified the next time they need to contact a client without having to update CRM.

If you do miss any opportunities by accidentally forgetting to set a followupthen, you should have a Power BI report to help you catch any that fall through the cracks.

::: good

> ![Figure: Goodexample - It's October now, so most opportunities have been spoken to in the past month or so. You'd click on the item from July here to make sure you've still got a followupthen scheduled for it](Neglected Opportunities.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Figure: Good example - It's October now, so most opportunities have been spoken to in the past month or so. You'd click on the item from July here to make sure you've still got a followupthen scheduled for it](Neglected Opportunities.jpg)
```
